# SHINE 2017 Poster

## Title: "Modeling Observable Signatures of Nanoflare Heating Frequency in Active Region Cores"

## Abstract
Nanoflare heating (i.e. impulsive heating on small spatial scales) is a popular candidate to explain the million-degree temperatures observed in the corona, though pinning down the properties of nanoflare heating has proved challenging. In particular, the question of whether active region (AR) cores are heated by high-frequency (i.e. events repeating on a timescale much shorter than a cooling time) or low-frequency (much longer than a cooling time) nanoflares has been addressed by many workers through both modeling and observational studies. Observations of quiescent AR cores (e.g. Warren et al., 2012) seem to suggest that such loops are heated by intermediate frequency nanoflares (Cargill 2014). In this poster, we use efficient hydrodynamic loop models combined with an extrapolated magnetic field skeleton and advanced forward modeling to create global AR models for a broad range of nanoflare heating frequencies. In particular, we synthesize spectral line profiles as observed by the Hinode EUV Imaging Spectrometer (EIS) and reconstruct emission measure distributions using the method of Hannah and Kontar (2012) in each pixel of our model AR at each timestep. With this method we account for non-equilibrium ionization, AR geometry (e.g. multiple emitting structures along the line of sight), and any ambiguities introduced by the atomic data in CHIANTI. We compare the "ground truth" and predicted emission measure slopes (between 1 MK and 4 MK) for varying heating frequencies with observed values in order to understand to what extent the heating frequency can be observationally constrained. Additionally, this poster demonstrates the capabilities of the software package we have developed for building up global AR models from hydrodynamic loop simulations and we emphasize how it may be used by other researchers in the solar physics community.